You need to be able to scratch that one
spot. Oh, you know that spot right
there. Oh, that hits it. To do that, you
need better shoulder extension just like
this. But not only that, you also need
better shoulder internal rotation. Keep
in mind that these are extremes and you
don't need that much to get here. Use a
bench and do dips just like this, but
focus on the stretch at the bottom. And
10 to 20 reps will work fine for that.
And then a sleeper stretch just like
this. Hold it for 30 seconds and then
bounce back and forth between those two
exercises. This will do two things.
Number one, it will unlock the scratch.
Oh, that feels good. And number two,
Naruto
run. Uh stay flexi.